We describe five evaluations described in our ISSTA submission in this 
artifact. 

Evaluation for Section 4.1 is in the 'bn' directory. This experiment 
adapts the mbedTLS function, mbedtls_mpi_read_string, to its OpenSSL
sibling, BN_hex2bn. The directory name - bn - is used as an abbreviation
for BIGNUM.

Evaluation for Section 4.2 is in the 'obfs' directory. The experiments
in this directory adapt obfuscated versions of the CRC32 computation
function to their non-obfuscated version.

Evaluation for Section 4.3 is in the 'mm' directory. The experiment in
this directory adapts an implementation of Strassen's algorithm for
matrix multiplication to a naive implementation of matrix 
multiplication.

Evaluation for Section 4.4 is in the 'rc4' directory, with two 
subdirectories, one for RC4 encryption and one for RC4 key structure 
initialization. The experiments in the 'rc4' directory synthesize
adaptors between the RC4 key structure objects used for RC4 encryption
and the RC4 key structure initialization functions.

Evaluation for Section 4.5 is in the 'glibc' directory. This directory 
contains experiments for synthesizing adaptors between functions in the 
C library.

To start with the easier-to-understand adaptors and progress to more
difficult ones, we recommend beginning the artifact evaluation with 
the glibc evaluation (directory named 'glibc'), then moving to the 
matrix multiplication case study (mm), followed by the BIGNUM case 
study (bn), the obfuscation case study (obfs), and finally 
the RC4 case studies (rc4).

The binary programs, 'fuzzball' and 'stp', are used throughout our 
evaluations. 

The file 'adaptor-synthesis-changes-to-fuzzball.patch' provides all 
source level changes made by us to FuzzBALL's master branch 
(latest commit da91da657a3ba46feb087bb8b51ce3617ac4474c) on 
github.com, for the purposes of adaptor synthesis. 

The 'stp' binary program was compiled from the source 
available on the Bitblaze github repository 
(https://github.com/bitblaze-fuzzball/stp) with the latest git commit
hash being 7f9069fc5ed518a225848300d1f70e055e1c60fc.  The library files,
libboost_program_options.so.1.54.0 and libstp.so, are required by 
the stp binary, and are, therefore, placed into the lib directory 
with every run_experiment.sh adding the path to 'lib' into its 
LD_LIBRARY_PATH.

